d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\obj\Debug\InService.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\InService.dll.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\InService.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\InService.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\obj\Debug\InService.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\obj\Debug\InService.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\obj\Debug\InService.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InService\InService\obj\Debug\InService.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
