d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.dll.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.pdb
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.dll.config
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\InClient.pdb
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.dll
D:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\InProject\InClient\InClient\obj\Debug\InClient.pdb
